Are you actually stupid?
I wouldn't take it out even if I had it
I'm not married to you.
This surgery costs 300,000
Even if I take out all my money, it's not enough.
Now we can scrape together as much as we can
Easy for you to say
What is our relationship?
Why should I make it for you?
Uncle, what did you tell me before?
Now something happens and you treat me like this
Do you want me to say that?
Anyway, your mother is old
Let's not do this surgery
Everyone is relieved when they die.
Pardon me?
This heart disease is incurable
Can only maintain
It's a bottomless pit
Can't you get me the money?
You talk so much nonsense to me
I pull your mother
How dare you hit me?
What do you want?